hello so today's recipe is going to be a
margarita pizza for this you're going to
need some strong white bread flour plain
flour salt fast-action dried yeast extra
virgin olive oil and some warm water I
will put all the measurements down below
I'm using my stand mixer today but you
can do this part by putting the
ingredients in and you'll be using a
knife to mix it up at first so I'm gonna
add in both flours your salt and yeast
and I'm just gonna give this a quick mix
so once you mix them together I've made
a little well in the middle and you're
gonna put in your oil and some of your
water and this is the part where you
will be getting a knife and mixing all
this part in yeah so I'm gonna give it a
mix and I'll show you what I'm done okay
so you keep mixing it don't add in all
of your water and we keep an eye on it
make sure it isn't too sticky and just
keep mixing this until it becomes a
smooth dough so once you're happy with
the consistency of the dough as you can
see it's not sticky it's very smooth in
my little pot here which I had the olive
oil on I just brushed around the edges
of the bowl to stop the dough from
sticking and I'm going to cover this
with cling film and I'm gonna it rest in
a warm spot for about an hour and
depending how warm it is until it's
doubled in size basically so once your
dough is double in size like that you
are going to break this into four and
make four little pizzas out of it so
then you're going to need tomato I've
got tomato puree right here with onion
granules and some oregano in there and
you're going to need some low fats
to show you pack it this is half fat
mozzarella I'm gonna need some cherry
tomatoes some bug and you're going to
need some parmesan in there so once
you've done your four little disks
you're going to roll it out with a
rolling pin to 20 centimeters I'm just
going to carry on with the rest and I
will show you the next step
so once you've rolled them out I've put
it on my pizza tray and I've put my
tomato puree mixture on top and then
I'll separate it
my cheese into four and you just fill up
your pizza next toppings
puzzle
Parmesan cheese and then you're going to
put this in the oven for about 12 to 15
minutes
there we go so that's the pizza done
we're one of them anyway I forgot to
mention to add some black pepper on to
that before you put it into the oven and
it's 13 points per pizza but the recipe
actually calls for you to make a speedy
tomato sauce but I've used tomato puree
so I will adjust the points and find out
what they are so that will be in the
description box below with all the
measurements so hope you enjoyed the
recipe if you try it out as always let
me know what you think and I will see
you in the next video
what you think mmm really good winner
yeah definitely thumbs up
you